I think it's time we blow this scene get
everybody in the stuff together okay
three two one it's time to turn tada oh
that's not good yes some people get like
great marriages like they're just like
wow i love you i love you know I had
like someone I love but they they're not
here was I saying more um so I just have
um just memories and wow look at these
dresses huh look at all this stuff I
could have had and then somebody just
you know gets hit by car no it's not
that funny but it's funny you know it's
funny when when stuff like funny happy I
am I was gonna get married Cathedral
have all these um stings in like a dress
and life and you know baby fudge against
I know you gotta buy a car I was was I
bought on my face no wedding sitting
alone in a park for a few days yeah I
just own these would have been my
flowers so I carry it around every day
and oh maybe I you know ziam again but
I'd have to i wanna kill myself oh yeah
you know some people so people die and
some people don't have to be left by
themselves forever maybe I won't have to
be left by myself forever you know maybe
yeah maybe I'll either uh find another
person to give this to aura baby I'll
get her by car hopefully